Purpose: This assignment explores the use of decision making logic and the creation of a GUI application.

Create a Windows Forms GUI application that will determine the earliest time that a continuing UofL undergraduate student may register for Spring 2017 courses using the priority registration schedule available from the Registrar's site: Spring 2017 Priority Registration Schedule for Continuing Students.

Your form will need to ask the user to thier completed credit hours completed prior to Fall 2016. This will be used to determine the user's classification as a freshman (<30 hours), sophomore (30+ hours), junior (60+ hours), or senior (90+ hours). The University does offer 1.5 credit hour courses, so the entered credit hours needs to be a floating point value. In addition, your form will need to gather the first letter of the user's last name (from a textbox). The Registrar bases the registration decision on the combination class standing and first letter of the student's last name. You may either use a string with one letter or an individual char to store the letter. Using the char data type is actually easier. See p. 472-476 for the char data types and associated methods. Unlike strings, char variables may be compared directly using <, <=, >, and >= operators. If you want the user to enter their entire last name, the text shows how to easily extract the first letter as a char in example starting at the bottom of p. 472 of the text. Your code should not care whether the user enters their name with a capital first letter or lower case letter. You can assume that the user won't put anything other than a letter as their last name letter, though it is not difficult to test this (see method char.IsLetter on p. 474). Methods ToUpper or ToLower may also prove useful.

When the user submits their class standing and last name letter, your application should display the earliest date and time that the student will be allowed to register. You may use labels, textboxes, or a dialog box (as with method MessageBox.Show) to display the earliest registration date/time.