Purpose: This assignment explores the use of composition (HAS-A) as a relationship between classes.

This assignment builds on the LibraryBook class of CIS 199 Program 4 using a modified, Console application version of your instructor's solution (attached - Prog0Start.zip) as a starting point. Books are checked out by library patrons and our solution needs to reflect this. I've created a new public class named LibraryPatron to represent users of the library. Each patron will be represented by their name (a string) and a patron ID (a string). A more complete representation would include contact information, such an address or phone number but we will not include these for the sake of simplicity. In addition to the data already being stored by the LibraryBook class, you will now create a HAS-A relationship between the two classes. Specifically, when a book gets checked out, the book will keep track of which patron checked it out. Class LibraryBook HAS-A LibraryPatron in this relationship.

Modify the public elements of the LibraryPatron class as follows:

Modify the set accessor of property PatronName to validate the value. It must not be null nor empty even after the value has been trimmed to remove leading and trailing whitespace. String methods IsNullOrEmpty and Trim will be helpful. If the value received is invalid, throw an ArgumentOutOfRangeException as shown in the text.
Modify the set accessor of property PatronID to validate the value. It must not be null nor empty even after the value has been trimmed to remove leading and trailing whitespace. String methods IsNullOrEmpty and Trim will be helpful. If the value received is invalid, throw an ArgumentOutOfRangeException as shown in the text.

Modify the public elements of the LibraryBook class as follows:

Modify the set accessor of propertyTitle to validate the value. It must not be null nor empty even after the value has been trimmed to remove leading and trailing whitespace. String methods IsNullOrEmpty and Trim will be helpful. If the value received is invalid, throw an ArgumentOutOfRangeException as shown in the text.
Modify the set accessor of property CallNumber to validate the value. It must not be null nor empty even after the value has been trimmed to remove leading and trailing whitespace. String methods IsNullOrEmpty and Trim will be helpful. If the value received is invalid, throw an ArgumentOutOfRangeException as shown in the text.
Modify the set accessor of property CopyrightYear to throw an ArgumentOutOfRangeException when the value received is invalid (basically, replace the else).
When a book is constructed, we know that is not checked out and so does not have a patron relationship yet. The special value null may be stored instead of an actual patron object reference to indicate this.
Modify the method named CheckOut so that it accepts a single parameter, a reference to a LibraryPatron object. This method will change the book's checked out status to reflect that the book has been checked out by the specified patron.
Modify the method named ReturnToShelf so that a patron is no longer associated with the book (in addition to changing the book's checked out status as before). The special value null may be stored instead of an actual patron object reference to indicate this.
Add a read-only property named Patron that returns a LibraryPatron reference and accepts no parameters. This property's public get accessor has a significant precondition requirement, namely that the book is currently checked out. When satisfied, return the reference to the LibraryPatron that has the book checked out. Otherwise, a null value may be returned.
Modify the method named ToString that returns a String and accepts no parameters. Remember, you must also use keyword override when defining a ToString method. Change the formatting of the book's checked out status to read "Checked Out By:" followed by the patron's information (name and ID number) or "Not Checked Out" (requiring a conditional). You may use string concatenation, composite formatting with the String.Format method, string interpolation or some combination to create the formatted text that the method will return.
In addition to the changes to the LibraryBook class, you will need to modify the simple console application to test your books. In your application source file (where the Main method is located), add at least 3 LibraryPatron objects (you may hard code your test data). When the existing book objects from the test program are checked out, pass one of the LibraryPatron objects to each book to represent the person checking out the book. Print out each book's information as before. In addition, replace the use of the array of LibraryBook objects with the use of a List of LibraryBook objects ( List<LibraryBook> ) using the List class as we did in CIS 199 Program 4. Include other statements as necessary to test the changes you made to the classes.

Be sure to add appropriate comments in your code for each file, including your Grading ID (not name nor student ID), program number, due date, course section, and description of each file's class. Each variable used in your program needs a comment describing its purpose. These requirements are expected for every program and are listed in the syllabus. Preconditions and postconditions are now required, as well. So, for each constructor, method, get property, and set property a pair of comments describing the precondition and postcondition must be provided. Please review the PowerPoint presentation (under Course Documents) for further details about preconditions and postconditions.