Purpose: This program explores sorting using comparers and the natural ordering of classes.

It is common to want to be able to sort objects of the classes we create into different orders using the sort methods of the Array class or the List class. In order to define the natural order for objects of a class, one must implement the IComparable interface. This will allow objects to be compared to one another to determine if one is less than, greater than, or equal to another. To create additional sort orders (beyond this default order), one must create instances of the IComparer interface and use them with the sort methods to establish a different sorting order. Typically, this is done by extending class Comparer instead of directly implementing the IComparer class. You may refer to the following article from MSDN for more information on these interfaces: Comparer(T) Class Example .

For another example, I have created a project that demonstrates these interfaces being used with the Time2 class from Chapter 10 of the text. It is attached to this program description in the file SortingDemo.zip . I recommend that you follow this example closely when solving this assignment. Review the Tegrity recording that walks through the example, as well.

Using the LibraryItem hierarchy from your instructor's solution to Program 1B (or later), rewrite the LibraryItem class to support the IComparable<T> interface. Make the default sort order for items be ascending by Title. In addition, create another class that implements the IComparer<T> interface and will allow items to be put in descending order by CopyrightYear. Write a simple test program that creates a List of at least 10 LibraryItem objects (use all the various item types). Display the list of items in the original order then sort the list using the default ordering (ascending by title). Display the list again. Next, sort the list using your comparer to create descending by copyright year and display the newly ordered list. Your test application can be a simple console application (as in the attached SortingDemo).

Extra Credit - For 10 points of extra credit, for create (and test) a new sort order that will first order the items by type and then ascending by Title within each grouping. So, all LibraryBook items should be together followed by the LibraryJournal items, then LibraryMagazine items, etc. You will create another class that implements the IComparer<T> interface to create this new sort order. The comparer that you create should allow the class hierarchy to be extended without requiring modification. It should not matter what the concrete classes of LibraryItem hierarchy actually are. So, in other words, don't hard code is tests for each class type. Hint: You may want to explore what method GetType() returns. It may prove very helpful for creating your groupings. BTW, this is a multi-level sort ordering, much like the Time2 demo sorted first by hour, then minute, and finally second.

Be sure to add appropriate comments in your code for each file, including your Grading ID (not name nor student ID number), program number, due date, course section, and description of each file's class. Each variable used in your program needs a comment describing its purpose. These requirements are expected for every program and are listed in the syllabus. Preconditions and postconditions are now required, as well. So, for each constructor, method, get property, and set property a pair of comments describing the precondition and postcondition must be provided. Please review the PowerPoint presentation (under Course Documents) for further details about preconditions and postconditions.