Purpose: This program explores file I/O and object serialization and expands the GUI application developed in Program 2.

In this assignment you will add additional functionality to the application created in Program 2. Everyone will begin from the same code by using your instructor's solution (with extra credit) as a starting point for the application (found in Blackboard under Course Documents, Program Solutions, Programs). Rename the outer folder to "Program 3" but don't change the inner folders or your project may not load correctly. This assignment provides two primary additions to the functionality in Program 2. First, the library needs to be saved to a file and loaded back in to the application. Second, in addition to inserting new patrons and books, users should be able to edit existing patrons and books to update the fields with new information.

The application must add two menu items, Open Library and Save Library, to the File menu. The Open menu item allows the user to choose a file that contains the Library object. When opened, the object will replace the library currently in the application. The Save menu item allows the user to save the current Library object to a file. You are required to use object serialization with binary formatting for this. This will require minor modifications to the existing library and associated hierarchy classes in the solution. The application must include appropriate exception handling, so that file-related errors do not crash the program. Since the user will now be able to load their own library, there is no longer a need to pre-populate the library with test data. However, before removing the test data, be sure to use the Save Library function of the application to save a data file that may be used as a starting point for grading. Save the file as "Prog3Library.dat" and store in your project folder (at the same folder location as the project's .SLN file). By placing the file in this location, it should be included when your ZIP your project for submission.

In addition, the application must add a new menu, Edit with a two menu items, Patron and Book. When selected, present the user with the list of patrons (or books) and allow the user to choose which one they'd like to edit. You might do this in several different ways, possibly using a combo box (as in the Checkout and Return forms), through a ListBox or some other mechanism. The GUI design for this is up to you but it needs to be functional and attractive. Once a patron (or book) is selected, use the existing Patron (or Book) form dialog box to allow the user to edit the fields in the patron (or book). Remember, when editing, the existing data should be loaded into the form fields and when submitted, the existing LibaryPatron (or LibraryBook) object should have it's fields updated to match. It should not be necessary to modify the dialog box form code, so don't make any changes to these files without getting approval first. This will require direct manipulation of the objects from the library's lists of patrons and items. Note well, you are not adding a new object to the library when editing! You are modifying the attributes (properties) of existing objects.

As in Program 2, all menus and menu items should be able to be activated using Alt-key shortcuts.