Purpose: This program explores the creation of a simple GUI, use of dialog boxes, validation, and exception handling.

In this assignment you will add GUI functionality to the LibraryItem hierarchy created in Program 1A. Everyone will begin from the same code by using your instructor's attached code (Prog2Start.zip) as a starting point for the hierarchy. This new solution includes a basic Library class and empty form to start from. You should not need to make any changes to your instructor's source code for the Library hierarchy files. Do not change these files without getting permission from your instructor. You will have to rename the default namespace provided by Visual Studio to match the one needed to access Library lists (which have internal access). This is already done in the provided form. From the form, switch to Code view and then change the given namespace to LibraryItems. Visual Studio will provide a red underline as you type the new name. Click on the underline and then select Rename from the drop-down list and allow Visual Studio to update the namespace name throughout the project.

You will create a simple GUI that allows the user to add patrons and books (to start) to the library and allow them to check them out. The application should appear as reviewed in class with the specified functionality. Review the class recording in Panopto if you are absent on 2/25 (and later classes as students refine the specs through Q&A). The application must be menu-driven with following structure:

File menu

About item - Display a dialog box with basic information including your Grading ID, program number, due date, etc. You may create a custom form to display or use MessageBox.Show to create.
Exit item - Will close application
Insert menu

Patron item - Display a dialog box that will be used to enter patron information. When successfully submitted, add a patron to the library with the provided information. Use form validation and/or exception handling to ensure that only valid data is used. The end user should never see an exception, regardless of what they type or what they click on the dialog box.
Book item - Display a dialog box that will be used to enter library book information. When successfully submitted, add a book to the library with the provided information. Use form validation and/or exception handling to ensure that only valid data is used. The end user should never see an exception, regardless of what they type or what they click on the dialog box.
Item menu

CheckOut item - Display a dialog box that will be used to check out an item from the library. The user must select which item is to be checked out by which patron. For this form, you will practice using combo boxes. One combo box will contain the items and another will contain the patrons. Specifically, populate the items combo box using the item's title and call number (as in "The Wright Guide to C#, ZZ225 3G"). For the moment, it is OK to list all the items in the library including those that may already be checked out (maybe the patron wishes to renew the item?). Populate the patrons combo box using each patron's name and ID (as in "Ima Reader, 12345"). When successfully submitted, check out the specified item from the library by the specified patron. Use form validation and/or exception handling to ensure that only valid data is used. The end user should never see an exception, regardless of what they type or what they click on the dialog box.
Return item - Display a dialog box that will be used to return an item to the library. The user must select which item is to be returned, again using a combo box. As with checking out, populate the items combo box using the item's title and call number (as in "The Wright Guide to C#, ZZ225 3G"). For the moment, it is OK to list all the items in the library including those that are not checked out. When successfully submitted, return the specified item to the shelf. Use form validation and/or exception handling to ensure that only valid data is used. The end user should never see an exception, regardless of what they type or what they click on the dialog box.
Extra Credit - For 10 points of extra credit, instead of listing all items in the combo boxes used for check out and return tasks, instead populate the combo boxes with only the relevant items. For check out, only list items that are not already checked out. For return, only list items that are checked out. The trick will be matching up the selection from the combo box to the correct item in the library list. Titles are definitely not unique, so you can't simply search for a matching title. One thought would be to use LINQ to filter the list of items (checked out and not checked out) and use the result set to create separate lists that you might use to populate the combo boxes. There are many ways to accomplish this extra credit, though.
Report menu

Patron List item - Display a well-formatted report listing all the patrons of the library. The report should also display the total count of patrons.
Item List item - Display a well-formatted report listing all the items in the library. The report should also display the total count of items.
Checked Out Items item - Display a well-formatted report listing all the checked out items in the library (including the name of the patron possessing the item). The report should also display the total count of checked out items.
Additionally, ensure that all menus and menu items have a logical Alt key shortcut (using the & character in the menu/item name). All dialog boxes displayed should be modal. You may preload some items and patrons into the library for testing purposes (it gets tiresome entering all that data over and over again!). Once we learn how to save our library's data to a file (coming in Program 3), this won't be necessary. You may use the test data provided in your instructor's starting code (it should probably be added to your form's constructor). You may use the ErrorProvider component and the Validating and Validated events in your dialog boxes (as shown in class) to do the required validation, though this is not the only technique that you may use.