Purpose: This assignment explores the creation of a reusable class and separate GUI application that creates a list objects.

Create a Windows Forms application with two classes. One class will be the form that will drive the application. The other public class will be named LibraryBook and will be our initial attempt at representing the books held by a library. At the moment, our book class will be very simple. Each LibaryBook object will keep track of some basic information: the book's title (a String), author (a String), publisher (a String), copyright year (an int), call number (a String), and checked out status (a bool). Later, we may add more capabilities (such who checked out the book and when it is due back at the library) but this is a good start.

The specific public requirements for the LibraryBook class are listed below. You may not change or add to the public interface described here.

A 5 parameter constructor that accepts book's title (a String), author (a String), publisher (a String), copyright year (an int), and call number (a String). When a book is created, it will not be checked out yet. Use the set properties for all relevant fields (except the checked out status which does not have a property) to establish their initial values (instead of directly changing instance variables). No other constructor exists for this class (there is NO parameterless constructor for this class).
A String property named Title with a get and set. No validation need be done on the title. You may use an auto-implemented property.
A String property named Author with a get and set. No validation need be done on the author's name. You may use an auto-implemented property.
A String property named Publisher with a get and set. No validation need be done on the publisher. You may use an auto-implemented property.
An int property named CopyrightYear with a get and set. To practice validation, you must provide validation in the set accessor. It must ensure that the copyright year value is non-negative when attempting to set; otherwise, set the copyright year to a default value of 2016.
A String property named CallNumber with a get and set. The library uses the call number to categorize the book (like the Dewey decimal system). No validation need be done on the call number. You may use an auto-implemented property.
A method named CheckOut that returns no data (void) and accepts no parameters. This method will change the book's checked out status to reflect that the book has been checked out by a patron.
A method named ReturnToShelf that returns no data (void) and accepts no parameters. This method will change the book's checked out status to reflect that the book has been returned by a patron and is no longer checked out.
A method named IsCheckedOut that returns a bool and accepts no parameters. This method will return a true value when the book is currently checked out and a false value when the book is not out. Hint: if you use a bool field to keep track of the checked out status, this method can simply return its value.
A method named ToString that returns a String and accepts no parameters. Remember, you must also use keyword override when defining a ToString method. This method will create a formatted string that has the book's title, author, publisher, copyright year, call number, and checked out status each on a separate line. Precede each item with an identifying label. You may use string concatenation, composite formatting with the String.Format method, or some combination to create the formatted text that the method will return. Instead of concatenating the string literal "\n" to add a newline to the string, use the string constant Environment.NewLine instead. Note well, the ToString method just builds and returns a string. It does no output of its own. That is up to client classes to perform, as the output may be directed to the console or a GUI or a web page.
In addition to the LibraryBook class, you will need to write a simple Windows Forms application to test your books. This form will be similar in appearance to Figure 9-16 from Tutorial 9-4 on p. 571 of the text. On the left of the form, you'll have text boxes for all the relevant fields of the LibraryBook class (title, author, publisher, copyright year, and call number) and a button that will add a new book to the list being maintained by the form. If any of these fields are empty or invalid when the add button is clicked, display an appropriate error message. On the right of the form willbe a ListBox containing the titles of the books that have been added. In addition, there will be buttons to the right of the ListBox that will be used to act on the book selected from the ListBox. One button will be labeled "Details" and when clicked will display a MessageBox providing all the details of the selected book (using its ToString method) . One button will be labeled "Check Out" and when clicked will check out the selected book (using its CheckOut method) and display a message indicating that the specified book has been checked out. One button will be labeled "Return" and when clicked will return the selected book to the shelf (using its ReturnToShelf method) and display a message indicating that the specified book has been returned to the shelf. If the user clicks on one of these buttons without a book having been selected, display an appropriate error message. Hint, the ListBox will return -1 for its SelectedIndex when no item has been selected yet.